# This Is A Resume (?)

Hello!

If you've ended up here, chances are you're looking for a portfolio (or you took a wrong turn around 'www.'). There's a standard-issue resumé linked below, with my vital stats: work history, education, buzzwords, a list of participation awards. But before we get to that, I'd like to point you to a few non-CV links. While there are certainly good user stories to be gleaned from a history in food service and custodial work, that experience itself isn't particularly relevant to the career I'm pursuing; I hope the projects and miscellany below can provide a more clear idea of my goals, and my skillset.

The best jumping-off place would be my home on the web, at http://zacanger.com. This site's been through several iterations over the years, usually in a one-page format, as I've gradually picked up design practices and learned to work with code. A couple of versions are linked at the bottom. More recently, I've started mirroring my sites on GitHub, with the thought that opening them up to critique will help improve my code. The current version of zacanger.com is a simple one-page scroller (very obviously Bootstrap); after I'd scrapped the previous pages, I figured it'd be a good idea to use a proven framework, at least until I knew what I was doing. While TWBS isn't the most interesting or unique design out there, the convenience of bundled-in icon fonts, breakpoints, and all the supported (and supportive) libraries and snippets allow anyone with a bit of technical knowledge to get a lovely, responsive site up in almost no time.

The links you'll find at zacanger.com could be of interest; that's usually the most up-to-date place to find current side projects and experiments. At the moment you'll find a tea-making guide http://zacanger.github.io/teamethod.

In a time when every third person has hacked together a website or two, words like 'developer' and 'designer' are used a bit liberally. I don't consider myself to be either, but I am passionate about design, especially in the context of web development. Making the web easier to use for more people is key, and sometimes not stressed quite enough. This is something I blog about semi-frequently (relevant updates are cross-posted at this URL), and occasionally tweet twits about on Twitter (@zacanger). Basic usability isn't the sexy SV startup kind of web design, which may be why we don't hear about it enough; but it's absolutely vital. I've been fortunate to grow up surrounded by design and technology---even more-so than many, being raised by a UNIX admin and a corporate graphic designer. I couldn't say if that instilled in me a keener sense of design or sharper facility with computers, but I'm sure it's fed my interests and passions, and will be an aid as I work towards a future in the web. When I'm not going off on tangents about the usable web at the aforementioned links, I'll usually be writing about open source software, GNU/Linux adventures (primarily Debian/Devuan), designers and/or developers as communities, Unix philosophy, and anything else that seems to be related.

Finally, here's the link you actually came for (provided you didn't scan the page and click it already):

I hope it's been a helpful insight into the person you're interviewing! And I'll not be at all offended if you just scan for the relevant links, I promise. €=
