# I Make Music

I work across genres and instruments. My music has been released
[independently](http://zacanger.bandcamp.com) and on [Sugo
Music.](http://www.sugomusic.com) My music could best be described as ADHD.
I've ranged from indie rock to grindcore to neo-classical downtempo chillwave.
I have an equally hard time sticking to one instrument; though I usually
default to the guitar or a PC, I'm just as comfortable behind a drum set or
the mixing board. I've released music under the monikers Zac Anger & The
Heretics, The Left Project, and g|!t©H, and played with several local and
regional groups including The Mayor's Wife, Past Forward, and [Kate
Nyx](http://katenyx.com).

![](img/jammin.png)

# (It's Free)

I started learning the basics of audio engineering and recording in 2005, and
since then self-published dozens of projects. In 2013, Sugo Music Group picked
up a large portion of my back catalog for commercial distribution. That said,
more recent projects are always released for free on [my
Bandcamp](http://zacanger.bandcamp.com) and
[Soundcloud](http://soundcloud.com/zacanger). This music is released under the
[WTFPL](http://zacanger.com/wtfpl.txt) license, with just one addendum: if you
end up covering, remixing, mashing-up, or in some other way using my music to
make something cool, send me an MP3 or something!

# Tech & Design

### Web, Linux, OSS, Other Addictions

As long as I can remember I've enjoyed using computers, but it wasn't until I
started theming and modding my first smartphone (a Galaxy S Fascinate) that I
started to take a serious interest in the Open Source world (the screenshots
here are from my theming days). Since then I've developed a strong interest in
software development and design; in particular, the amazing possibilities in
the future of web technology.

The explosion of open culture is something I deeply support both as a musician
and as an aspiring developer, and the influence of the Android and Debian
communities has had a considerable impact on my beliefs and values. I'm a
Debian user and Devuan supporter, and I strongly recommend checking out Debian
if you're still using a locked-down OS. Closed, proprietary software user
groups never had the sense of community and level of participation that the
incredible web dev groups and 'nix users have; that matters quite a lot, and
has a very positive effect on the quality of software as well.

A lot of my life has been based around tech — like much of my generation, it's
just always been there, but unlike many I was raised by a designer and an
admin. I'm currently seeking education in web design and development, which is
the area of technology that I believe holds the most potential, for the next
several years. With the explosion of mobile computing, high bandwidth
connections, and computers that would've been mind-boggling ten years ago but
can now fit in one's back pocket, so much growth has taken place in the webdev
field, and the rate at which things change only seems to increase. It can be
mildly overwhelming, at times, but it's certainly always fascinating, and
never dull.

![](img/arda.png)

![](img/asaw.jpg)

__ __

![](img/moustachemania.png)

# ...And All The Rest

### I do other things! Really.

When I can think of an example, I promise I'll fill this in. In the mean-time,
here's a photo from when I had a nifty moustache; it has to go during summers,
but if you catch me in the winter you'll likely see some super classy and/or
amusing (depending on your preferences) facial hair.

If you drink tea and you're American, you might enjoy [this little
guide](http://zacanger.github.io/teamethod).

I like to write, though I can't say I'm fantastic at it. I frequently blog on
[Tumblr](http://zacanger.tumblr.com), and occassionally on my
[Pen](http://zacanger.pen.io). Warning: I'm a staunch liberal, devout atheist,
and I'm very hardcore about my laid-back-ness; the blogs often reflect that.

I'm getting ready to start something (hopefully) amazing and life-changing:
I'll be starting in an immersive education programme (bootcamp) this fall.
With a little luck and a lot of hardwork, hopefully I'll come out fully
capable of working web wizardry (or at least with a much better understanding
of front-end development and design principles).

# Obligatory List Of Links

These are places where I exist online. There are more somewhere. You could
probably just find them by [DDGing
me](https://lmddgtfy.net/?q=%22zac%20anger%22); I can't even keep track of
them anymore.
This site does use Google Analytics. Chances are my hosting spies on you too,
who knows. It's irrelevant because the NSA is already all up in your browser.
Oh, and there are a lot of other things floating around on this domain. If
you're curious, check out [my little wiki](http://zacanger.com/wiki) and start
exploring.

